# CaseDB

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/dark-arc/CaseDB/tree/development.svg?style=svg&circle-token=8d970d8f62ffeca43d122db1313727e6140eddc0)](https://circleci.com/gh/dark-arc/CaseDB/tree/development) <https://casedb-dev.herokuapp.com/>

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/dark-arc/CaseDB/tree/master.svg?style=svg&circle-token=8d970d8f62ffeca43d122db1313727e6140eddc0)](https://circleci.com/gh/dark-arc/CaseDB/tree/master) <https://casedb.herokuapp.com/>

## Intro

This repository hosts the code for the CaseDB site (currently not
hosted), the site intends to be a catalogue of historic crimes and
their investigations.

CaseDB started when me and my fiance (now wife) were talking about
famous serial killers (we're Crime Scene / Digital Forensics
graduates, we do that sometimes). At some point in the future we're
hoping to create a book on some of the most interesting cases. Until
that time I'm hoping this will be a useful research tool as well as a
pretty cool catalogue in itself.

## Installation

Don't! I'm going to find full hosting for this when I get the chance,
having multiple instances would be a pain to keep up to date. I'll
update this section when I have links. For now it can be accessed (as
a preview) through <https://casedb.herokuapp.com/> or
<https://casedb-dev.herokuapp.com/> for the one I'm currently working
on.

Also, if you're interested and have hosting *hint, hint*.

## Usage

The site will be readable by anyone, anywhere. In addition anyone who
creates an account on the site will be able to comment on a
case. Updating will be reserved for only special users however.

## Contributing

I mess up a lot, if you see a bug or something weird in the code,
either tell me about it on
[GitHub](https://github.com/dark-arc/CaseDB/issues) or fix the issue
and send me a pull request. I'll ignore any pull requests that don't
link to an issue... Otherwise things get confusing.

## Licence

I'm not sure yet. The code is/will be public for people to learn from
or use for other purposes. I'd rather not deal with commercial uses or
an exact mirror. So I guess GPLish?